# Pit_stop_3_DLS_assigment

In this data set I focused on digital lietarture - interactive fiction.
For creation of this data set I have chosen these criteria: Title, Creator, Year of Creation, URL, type, technology, interaction level, versioning, language, metadata source, license.
I have choese these categories because I wanted to have basic information about the items (title, creator, year od creation, type), then I wanted to see how it work and what was used for creating of the items (technology, interaction level). For determinatiom of interaction level I used 3 level - low, medium, high. Low was used where therewas non to siple interaction as scrolling or tuning on music, medium was used for items with clickable buttons that moved the story or when the user had some choises, and higl level was used for items where the user determines the direction of the story by his choices. The criteria of versioning was chosen becouse I wanted to see if the story is finished, if it is work in progress or if it was changed from the original story. Criteria of language was chosen because I wnted to see in whicg languages it is possible to read digital literature. Criteria of metadata source was chosen to see where we can find information about the items - mostly it was the platform as Electronic Literature Collection, The Interactive Fiction Database.

Limitations:
All of the items are in English. I wanted to focus on langusges that I can speak and understand at least on basic level (Slovak, Czech, English, Polish) and I did not succeed. I also wanted to use items that have meta data available. These were found mostly in The Interactive Fiction Database platform.
